Perf regression agent (#11382)
Azure/azure-sdk-tools: tools/perf-regression-finder/README.md

3. **Build and run:**
- Navigate to the `perf-regression-finder` directory and run:
```
> dotnet run
```
*Note: The agent uses the 'Microsoft.SemanticKernel.Agents.AzureAI.AzureAIAgent' package which is in preview and subject to change. The 'Microsoft.SemanticKernel.ChatCompletion' can also be used alternatively.*

## Usage

- Start the application and follow the prompts.
- Enter your performance regression scenario or question.
- The agent will analyze and provide a detailed, structured response.

## Project Structure

- `SemanticAzureAi.cs` - Main agent logic and chat loop
- `RepoAccessPlugin.cs` - Plugin for accessing Azure SDK source code
- `Program.cs` - Entry point

## Requirements

- .NET 8 SDK
- Access to Azure OpenAI and Persistent Agents
- Local clone of Azure SDK repositories (for plugin access)

## Walkthrough
1. Run `dotnet run` in the `perf-regression-finder` directory.
```
> dotnet run
Welcome to the Performance Regression Finder Agent! Enter a blank line to send
```
2. Enter your performance regression scenario or question:
```

> User > when sending a byte array to 'GetMessageContentAsync' speciically argetting OpenAi Gpt 4.1. i can see the memory usage spike by 80x the original byte arrays size. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User > when sending a byte array to 'GetMessageContentAsync' specifically targetting OpenAi Gpt 4.1. i can see the memory usage spike by 80x the original byte arrays size. 
```
nit

> propose a root cuase by searching through the azure.core and system.clientmodel repos as well as a call stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
propose a root cause by searching through the Azure.Core and System.Clientmodel source code, as well as a call stack
```
nit
